No! Don't kill!
If you really have AIDS,
I'll die with you.
Okay.
Miss Ji,
come to pick up your test
report at noon,
I took other patients'
AIDS confirmation forms.
Ji Lingling, you'd rather lie
about having AIDS than sleep with me.
How much do you hate me?
I don't want to sleep with someone
who is my grandfather.
What do you mean?
Don't you know?
Didn't you get married to someone else
two years ago?
Married? I've only been married
to you.
After I was arrested two years ago,
I was rescued by a kind fisherman
and recuperated in town for a month.
But when I was ready to go back
to find you,
I saw in the town newspaper
that Cavilla International's
head of the family and heiress
Jin Lianyin got married.
The month you disappeared,
I gave you that position.
The person in the newspaper was him,
and he got married.
I thought...
You said you'd come back to me,
does that mean you've
accepted me?
At that time, you were alone to save me.
I was thinking,
if we could go back safely,
I would try not to be afraid of you,
try to like you.
To hear your true feelings.